[Music]
hey guys it's your girl syrupy cheeks
there are so many good daily bloggers
out there okay see nice tat Lilly Singh
John Olsen or is it Oona Wilson I think
it's um Olsen John Hill quat and Karen
from KK and baby J Bret Conti
I genuinely love watching daily vlogs
and I have definitely pursued the medium
of daily vlogging in the past year and a
half that YouTube has really been my job
anything on YouTube it's a blog watch an
hour length documentary on YouTube I
promise you there will be a comment
great blog if it's on YouTube it's a
vlog you know but this is mine this is
my definition I wrote it down so I read
it you sharing your perspectives on a
topic or idea through the lens of your
own life where you shoot and edit the
footage and then share it on the
Internet in a timely manner so what's
recent it helps to entertain or inspire
can take on many forms and daily
vlogging is basically just vlogging but
on a more consistent and constant basis
so you have the added pressure of making
everyday things entertaining things that
can actually be very boring when I was
in LA a couple weeks ago I'm getting
ready to shoot a collaboration video
with the fantastic Tommy Edison who I
actually interview later in this video I
got into a conversation with John about
daily vlogging John what's up what can
you like not stop doing daily vlogging I
love you love to film I don't know why
yeah and also it's become so routine
because I doing every single day for two
years I've been doing it I said that
weird and you went to Monday through
Friday after doing Monday through Monday
yes for two years Monday to Monday and
you just keep filming
so you just can't stop I've literally
been filming every single day since I
told myself I'm gonna not upload a video
on Naviance which I hadn't been
uploading but I've still been filming
how many editors do you think you
haven't like yet I like combine edits
and
Jonathan Hill he is a epic daily vlogger
he is also a pro skater all of his daily
vlogs are so entertaining because every
single day every single blog he focuses
it around one idea one skate project one
trick that he's going to learn and then
all of the life stuff is what kind of
fills in the gaps for his videos and it
was crazy inspiring to to hear him and
hear his passion for bringing his camera
everywhere and it made me realize I'm in
the opposite when I have an idea for a
video a topic a focus I am obsessed with
that I will go to whatever lengths I
need to to capture what I need for that
video to make that video but when it
comes to the pressure of carrying around
my vlogging camera everywhere I go to
hanging out with friends and every
meeting I have or just like just that
pressure in general it I don't like it
and that's when I realized I don't like
daily vlogging and that's why recently
I've gotten rid of the kind of normal
structure of what a daily vlog is
putting the date in the place where I am
it's slightly restricting in the sense
of I don't want when and where to
dictate what I post to my youtube
channel I can barely keep track of what
city I am with all the traveling I've
done in the past year I don't expect you
to try to keep a timeline in your head
for all of my content to make sense and
so here's what I found myself slipping
into as my focus became less on making
videos the vlog just became an
afterthought to my life which makes no
sense because who I am and what I do is
to make videos so here you have life
life is at the center of everything and
it's dictating everything and then you
have making videos on the outside of
life it's an afterthought I started to
create reactively instead of proactively
waking up and making a video every day
that has to be the
enter and then everything else needs to
follow it sounds crazy as a person who
makes videos for a living but coming up
with concepts and getting excited about
videos became something I worried about
after my busyness and what's so ironic
is this busyness came from me doing what
I do on YouTube this is what I truly
love to do I love yes sharing my life
I love creativity and creative people I
love tech I love technology I love
camera and computer gear I love to
travel I love creative education and
tutorials and not just creating stuff
but also showing the behind the scenes
along the way and I want to do all of
these things in the most creative and
entertaining way possible I've already
slightly shifted away from daily
vlogging and so I guess I just wanted to
let you know why and what has been on my
mind and to let you know also that I am
so freakin stoked to be creating for you
guys sometimes you filled box and by the
platform that you're creating for and
just because I want to post five times a
week at a consistent basis doesn't
necessarily I have to be that daily
vlogger and for some reason I think I
just needed to hear myself say that and
then it clicked this isn't a weird rant
to try to shed the title of a vlogger I
take pride in that I love creating in
the form of a vlog I just wanted to let
you know that I am really like laser
focused on just creating awesome videos
and do
in a way without any limits as to what
format via the conversation I had with
John LA and just spurred a lot of
thoughts that I had in my brain so I'm
glad they're out on the internet now but
I want to continue with that day because
it was a fun one
[Music]
[Applause]
there's all the time you have some XP
check to see if I can guess what things
are just by touching them can you see
now yes perfectly
not a hint it's a food it's a food funny
when I walk around with my cane I do I
feel like everybody's watching me my
name is Christine Hoff you recognize my
name I am the first contestant and
winner who is blind on MasterChef I talk
about myself as a blind person answer a
lot of your questions how I use
different technology I walk around
without my cane how that works how I get
dressed in the morning questions that
are a little bit different like does it
bother me when people are naked around
do I turn the lights on but I'm home
alone I love it so we're getting Tommy
on this thing over here it's very
familiar with the booster board so this
is gonna be on their Channel and then
we're gonna have a fun discussion
[Music]
a very fun collapse how do you feel
about the booster board final thoughts
oh my god it was tremendous I love that
thing so I love your channel it's
amazing but I kind of want to hear this
story because it's not just you you have
some help yeah so first introduce
yourselves Tommy and Ben and we'll kind
of dive into how this channel came about
cool so I'm well I'm Tommy I'm the host
of the black foam credit channel as well
as the Tommy Edison XP Channel and this
guy here is the great Ben Churchill now
Ben is I've know been for a very long
time we you know we will get into that
story in a minute but you know he
directs shoots and produces all the
videos that we do and runs camera so he
does all the stuff I'm just out front
being weird and silly and you know right
I run the back end of the YouTube
channel do all the thumbnails the
captions and yeah edit all the videos
like Tommy said yeah and how did you
guys meet I worked in radio for a very
long time I was a traffic reporter at a
radio station up in Connecticut and Ben
worked there too Ben was a street team
yeah I was you know sort of started out
as an intern working on the promotion's
team and I was wanted to work in radio
work on air so we ended up being an
intern on the morning show yeah and
that's where I met Tommy and that was 20
years ago and then you worked your way
all the way up though don't bury the
lead here my friend you worked your way
all the way up to morning Jim producer
so we were actually on the air together
for a while towards the at the end of
Ben's career in radio how did you get to
where YouTube channel was it just
hanging out it you know what we should
do we should start a YouTube channel how
did that idea start brewing well first
I'll say that I got a radio ten years in
the radio I got out that was probably
2007 or something
and I got into video production always
wanted to do documentaries and work in
television or film so I started learning
video production and a short time after
that I think like one or two years in
Tommy yeah yeah yeah viewers in we were
hanging out tell that's part of the
story well we were hanging out and I was
talking about some movie I adjusted I
was really frustrated with it because
was in now this is without audio
description or any AIDS right I'm just
enjoying the movie that's like I always
do
and all of a sudden it comes to the end
of the movie and they tell the end of
the story with nothing well with
everything but words it's music it's
picked is that you know it's all this
stuff all these shots of people you know
winding up the story and I felt gypped I
felt ripped off so we started to talk
one night and we got the idea to do
movie reviews from my perspective and
that's how it all started that was the
blind film critic that's what we came up
with that name and just that Thursday
night in fact that was a Monday night
that Thursday night at midnight we went
so scream for that was the first review
we ever did what is your listen I'm
asked this question a lot and I answer
it the same every time
I love Goodfellas I just love me some
Goodfellas it's one of those movies I've
seen a bunch of times and I can just see
it again and again and again because
it's the performances is so great and
it's one of those movies that I insist
like you know if you fell from the moon
and never heard of this movie I could
just play the audio from it and you
would you would just love it you're a
youtuber but you were also born but
what's something that you find quirky or
different or you know about being a
blind well I you know what are the one
of the things that happens a lot is
because I used like the words like see
watch look all that kind of stuff in my
language as we all do and so I get a lot
of comments from you know at 4:42 we
says I've never seen anything like this
before lol my goth come on settle down
everybody you know it's just language
but that you know that's one of the
things the other a lot of people are
solo acts and so I you know I get to
work with Ben and it's it's really nice
that way because we keep each other good
we keep each other smiling and laughing
and having fun because you know
sometimes it's hard you know what I mean
trying to come up with stuff and shoot
and sing and it's just you know so we
need to make each other laugh and that's
what we do all the time and and the
other thing that we have is trust I
trust him implicitly absolutely
implicitly if we you know if we do
something that's screwy or that doesn't
work or whatever it's never going up
that's one thing that I did
about you guys is sense of humor is
amazing and you guys just find you know
laughter isn't everything and I love it
so talk a little bit about the
importance of just like finding humor
and things you know well you know when
you grow up different as I did and you
know I learned to just joke and play at
a very early age because that sort of
kept me safe you know what I mean it
kept me good and you know as I got older
I just I just love to laugh naturally I
just love to play and laugh and be silly
and so I'd like putting that stuff in
the videos because this way you're sort
of learning and they don't realize you
learning something you throw to me kids
are busy laughing and having fun so I
you know that's why it's important to me
to do and you know in everything I've
ever done but I was on the radio it was
all silly you know I got to you know be
in the traffic guy I was on the morning
show in the afternoon show so I got many
opportunities to play and just you know
try and come up with stuff on the fly
just quick quick quick and cope with a
good line and one of the three things we
tried to do with the format of the
videos this is actually changed over
time it's become a little more organic
in the process but we always try to make
sure you let me start with a laugh and
then you kind of got you know set it up
to make sure you answer the question
that you're answering cuz a lot of the
videos are driven by quests questions
and then always end on a laugh at least
once so that people are like I know
personally when I end up and what or
finish watching a video and I laugh I
feel like I want to keep watching their
videos because I want to laugh more like
laugh out loud and not just smile or
giggle like so so yeah I always make
sure that laughter is somewhere the
beginning in the end and then somewhere
in the middle but sometimes we were
finding that the topics was like so deep
or serious about Tommy's perspective on
maybe racism or just vision alone we
were like okay now where are the jokes
and and we would force it sometimes and
then you learn after a while don't don't
force it
know in the one we did our racism at one
point in the video I even say it not a
lot of funny in here but you know this
is quite serious you know I feel bad I'm
not making their laugh here but this is
the heavy stuff you know important to
have both spectrums of things yeah
videos are so good so make sure to check
it out and check out Tommy on the
boosted board the link will be in the
description below
thank you guys so much for tuning in and
if you actually came over from Tommy's
channel welcome welcome to the peachy
fam we are some creative folker on here
so happy to have you in PG fam make sure
to go and check out the video over on
Tommy's channel it was so much fun let
me know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet for new videos every single
Monday through Friday stay peachy okay
[Music]